SPCTR-2966: Fix - Container text-color is taking more priority than individual heading text color of blocks. (#3264)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Container - Container text-color is taking more priority than individual heading text color of individual blocks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein the text color of the Container was at a higher priority than those set for headings of blocks inside it. 
```

Author: Changed.
